README.md, before:

### Hello, my name is Aji! 👋

I am a frontend engineer who specializes in React and Node.js®. I eat TypeScript for breakfast, although I am still allergic to complex generic types. Below are my primary technical skills:

- **HTML/CSS**: SASS, CSS-in-JS, and utility-first CSS libs (e.g. Tailwind)
- **Javascript/TypeScript**: 7+ years of React and Node.js® (4+ years TypeScript)
- **Compiled language**: 1+ year of Golang (mostly only for support/fill-up role when Golang engineer folks aren't available, or when I need to help pinpoint a bug)
- **Web frameworks**: CRA, Vite, Next.js, Remix, Astro
- **Documentation tools**: Storybook, Ladle, Docusaurus, Starlight
- **Modern bundlers**: Rollup, Webpack, esbuild, Vite, Parcel
- **Testing tools**: Jest/mocha, React Testing Library, Cypress, Playwright, Vitest
- Git, CI (GitHub Actions, GitLab Pipelines, Jenkins), Unix-like scripting, and a bit of a11y

Aside from the things listed above, I also have some knowledge regarding deployments (Docker, Kubernetes, Envoy, nginx), databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL, Mongo), and Google Analytics. Here are some of the things that I want to learn (or learn further) in 2023:

- **The basics**: This mostly revolves around HTML semantics and native built-in JavaScript features.
- **Another human! language**: Currently I can only speak Indonesian and probably I am pretty good at English, too. But I want to expand on this a little bit more, maybe Japanese? 😄
- **Public speaking**: Last year and the year before 😅 (2022-2023) was pretty quiet year from me, compared to 2021 where I spoke few times in meetups/conferences. This year, I want to get back into that.

If you love the open-source works that I am doing, please consider [sponsoring](https://github.com/sponsors/imballinst) me! That will mean the world to me and keep my motivation going to contribute back to the community. Thanks!

Commit message:

chore: remove public speaking, add architectural/api design

README.md, after:

### Hello, my name is Aji! 👋

I am a frontend engineer who specializes in React and Node.js®. I eat TypeScript for breakfast, although I am still allergic to complex generic types. Below are my primary technical skills:

- **HTML/CSS**: SASS, CSS-in-JS, and utility-first CSS libs (e.g. Tailwind)
- **Javascript/TypeScript**: 7+ years of React and Node.js® (4+ years TypeScript)
- **Compiled language**: 1+ year of Go (mostly only for support/fill-up role when Go engineer folks aren't available, or when I need to help pinpoint a bug)
- **Web frameworks**: CRA, Vite, Next.js, Remix, Astro
- **Documentation tools**: Storybook, Ladle, Docusaurus, Starlight
- **Modern bundlers**: Rollup, Webpack, esbuild, Vite, Parcel
- **Testing tools**: Jest/mocha, React Testing Library, Cypress, Playwright, Vitest
- Git, CI (GitHub Actions, GitLab Pipelines, Jenkins), Unix-like scripting, and a bit of a11y

Aside from the things listed above, I also have some knowledge regarding deployments (Docker, Kubernetes, Envoy, nginx), databases (MySQL, PostgreSQL, Mongo), and Google Analytics. Here are some of the things that I want to learn (or learn further) in 2023:

- **The basics**: This mostly revolves around HTML semantics and native built-in JavaScript features.
- **Another human! language**: Currently I can only speak Indonesian and probably I am pretty good at English, too. But I want to expand on this a little bit more, maybe Japanese? 😄
- **Architectural and API design**: One of the feedback that I received was that I need to dive more into architectural (high-level) design on top of technicals. This includes API design, be it endpoint or non-endpoints.

If you love the open-source works that I am doing, please consider [sponsoring](https://github.com/sponsors/imballinst) me! That will mean the world to me and keep my motivation going to contribute back to the community. Thanks!
